---
title: "[Issues] Known Issues (October 23rd Maintenance)"
date: "2025.10.23"
category: "Issues"
views: 229
url: "https://vagames.co.kr/noticewrite/notice_en/?uid=187&mod=document"
uid: "187"
---

Hello Masters,

  

We would like to inform you about several issues that have been identified. Our apologies for the trouble while we work on fixing these issues.

  

1\. An issue where the discounted price is displayed incorrectly when crafting multiple consumables in \[Kate’s Workshop\] while the \[Gift\] > \[Utility\] > Crafting Cost Node is activated. Please note gold cost is being calculated correctly.

→ This issue is currently under investigation.

  

**2\. We have identified an issue where players are stuck at loading screen when launching the game without applying the latest market update.**

→ This issue is currently under investigation.

→ We kindly ask you to manually update the game through the links below.

  

(Android) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smilegate.outerplane.stove.google

(iOS) https://apps.apple.com/us/app/outerplane-strategy-anime/id1630880836

  

3\. An issue where untranslated text appears on the Sweep All screen.

→ This issue has been fixed.

  

4\. An issue where recruitment icon shows Summer Knight's Dream Ember  

→ This issue has been fixed.

  

5\. An issue where Dual Attack would not occur when Viella uses Burst skill on enemies afflicted with Poison.

→ This issue has been fixed.  
  

6\. An issue where some items in the event shop are displayed incorrectly.

→ The item names will be corrected to match the actual rewards.  
\- Soulslayer of Apocalypse A Rin > Film Industry Unfair Contract

\- 10,000 Gold > 100,000 Gold

\- Pieces of Edelweiss x5 > Piece of Kanon x5

→ This issue has been fixed.

Once again we apologize for any inconvenience caused.

We will continue to inform our Masters regarding this issue via this notice.

Thank you.